Fix some node docs, add failure docs (#575)
temporalio/documentation: docs/node/interceptors.md

---
id: interceptors
title: Interceptors in Node
sidebar_label: Interceptors
---

> Interceptors are a mechanism for users to change the behavior of the SDK. Interceptors are commonly used to add tracing and authorization to the scheduling and execution of Workflows and Activities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interceptors are a mechanism for users to modify inbound and outbound SDK calls.
Interceptors are commonly used to add tracing and authorization to the scheduling and execution of Workflows and Activities.
You can compare these to "middleware" in other frameworks. 
```
